Okay, so let's have a little talk
about the Route 53 Resolver.
So the idea is that by default,
when you have a Route 53 Resolver,
which is the basic thing you create in Route 53
when you start using it,
it will answer DNS queries
for the local domain names for your EC2 instances
for the records in your private hosted zones,
as well as for the records in your public name server.
So everything you create under Route 53
is going to be answered within your account.
But you may want to have a situation
where you want a hybrid DNS.
That means that you want this resolver to resolve
as well the DNS of your own network and vice versa.
So you want to establish connectivity
between your AWS Cloud DNS
and the DNS of your on-premises network.
And so how do we do this?
For this, we're going to use what's called
a Resolver endpoint.
So this is just a simplified version,
but the idea is that we're going
to create an inbound endpoint
that will allow the DNS resolvers of on-premises resources
to resolve domain names of AWS resources.
So how does that work?
Say we have established
our own Route 53 Resolver in our cloud
and we have an EC2 instance, a private hosted zone,
and we have our on-premises data center.
A server on it is going to be, first of all,
we need to establish of course,
connectivity between our data center and AWS
using a VPN or a direct connect connection.
And then this server is going to do a DNS query,
for example, to look for a domain name
that belongs to our private hosted zone,
is going to be passed to the closest DNS resolver,
so the on-premises resolver,
and these resolver are going to be set up to talk
to a resolver inbound endpoint,
and to pass on this DNS query into our AWS Cloud.
And this resolver knows how to talk
to the Route 53 Resolver.
So this is how you have the full chain
of lookups from your on-premises data center
to your cloud using an inbound endpoint.
And of course you can do it the other way
with an outbound endpoint in which your Route 53 Resolver
will forward DNS queries to your resolver on-premises.
So again, if we have a look,
we have the two infrastructures that are connected,
and then we're going to have a resolver outbound endpoint.
And this time whenever you EC2 instance queries
for a DNS query that is resolved on-premises,
for example, web.onpremise.private,
is going to be passed through the resolver outbound endpoint
to the DNS resolvers of the on-premises data center,
and we'll be good to go.
So that's it.
The idea behind this, I think, a bit complicated lecture
is that if you want to connect
your on-premises data center and AWS
and make sure the DNS queries are resolved both ways,
you must use the resolver inbound and outbound endpoint.
And that's about it. All you should know.
All right, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.